Hey, good morning family. I'm excited to
be with y'all again today. I have a
part two of the video that I did
yesterday or two days ago, whenever I'm
releasing this. I'm going to tell you the
political stuff about what I saw
for
2024. Like I said, I'm a
prophetic intercessor, and the Lord shows
me things to pray about. I pray
for the nation, the economy,
and
people's healings—everything
that's
on His
heart for that day. He will show me
things to come; He does it all the time.
This is my life and this is what I do.
I'm praying over 2024 right now, and I
pray
at this time
every single year. This is my
prayer topic; I start praying for the
next year. These are the
things that He's showed me so far. I'm sure
I will get a lot more; it usually
happens.
This
is what the Lord has showed me
so far. I want to say this: I am not
saying that this person will be the
president of the United States because the
Lord
did not say that.
I'm just telling you what I saw, and
I'm not going to
add to or take away from anything.
I saw Michigan,
Minnesota,
and
Ohio. All of a sudden, I saw
people in red with white letters
across their hats and shirts,
but it was shiny.
These shirts were shiny
red, and it had
MAGA
written across it in big
white letters. Between each letter
was a star from the United States
flag, that kind of star.
I did not know
what it was at first because I did not
see the white letters until the Lord let
me focus on it in the vision. When I
was praying,
I could see what the Lord was
showing me was
MAGA.
It was on these shiny red things, and
I could see it building.
It was like waves; it was moving
like when you're in a
stadium and you see the Red Wave. It was like
that,
but it was
growing over this area:
Michigan, Detroit—all that up
there. It was all starting to come together, and
then all of a sudden, it started moving
south
to
Iowa,
Nebraska, and Kansas. Whenever
it got to
Oklahoma, I saw what looked like
transparent
embers.
They were all over Oklahoma, but they
looked
like they were on fire, like
embers
that were on fire—embers like
sap
from maple trees. It
looked like that, but you could see it
was transparent over Oklahoma. These
little red MAGA things turned into
embers—help
me, Holy
Ghost—almost
like candy. I don't know how
else to say it, but it was all over,
and
then they caught fire. All
those became like they were on fire, and
I saw torches over this area. It
was just over Oklahoma, which I thought
was interesting. It went down into
Texas a little bit, but it didn't cover
it very much, just the North
Dallas-Fort
Worth area.
I had a list of all the states
that I saw turn red. I
saw
five states where I
believe there was
trouble.
I
saw
Oregon, Washington, and California
were instantaneously blue.
Then I saw Hawaii blue, Alaska red, and
I saw
trouble in Arizona.
This is what's interesting: Arizona
turned blue, but there
was red on top of the blue. It made
it into a different shade of red,
like the blue was turning red,
a different
crimson—a
deeper red.
I saw trouble there;
that's all I can say about it. I saw New
Mexico red, Utah red, Wyoming
red, Colorado blue, Montana red,
and
Nevada
turned blue. Idaho was red, then
Texas
went red, and then I
saw it spread throughout the South.
It was red, but I saw trouble in
Georgia. It was like
something was going on with Georgia
again. Praying over Georgia, there
were
blue spots, but the main part of it was
red, the way the people were
voting, because I saw this
MAGA.
Then all of a sudden, I saw
the storm over Donald Trump. Now, I'm
going to tell you this: I did not see him
as
president. You can assume what you
want
because of the drama
that happened in 2020, but I'm not getting
into that. I'm just telling you what I
saw so you can pray about
it. If you believe that's what the
Lord's saying, whatever, but I'm
not saying he wins or loses.
I heard the Spirit of the Lord
say this: 'Can't
you tell that this is a
refiner's
fire that he is going
through right
now? Don't you know that he is being
molded in a refiner's
fire?'I
saw him through all
the trials;
I saw him going
through the pressure on the potter's
wheel,
being
molded, broken down, and humbled. All of a
sudden, I saw the Lord Jesus and Donald
Trump. I saw him on one knee,
bent over with
his head down,
weeping before the Lord. I
saw the Lord Jesus Christ touching
Donald Trump's head as if He
were
anointing him. I saw
a glow
all around him while he was crying,
kneeling before the Lord
in a prayer stance like a Tim
Tebow.
I don't know
how else to say it, but that's
how he was before the Lord. He had
a blue suit on with a white
shirt and a red tie.
He was
praying, the Lord Jesus had
His hand on his head, and I saw a glow all
around
him.
I told you what I saw about
Canada, America, and
Mexico. I saw him trying to fix
everything, getting
downloads from the Lord like a
Solomon. There was
divine speaking to him on how to mend
and fix everything that was destroyed.
I
saw tens of millions of people coming
from the southern
border trying to invade America over the
next year. I'm talking
about
people from
all over the world.
I literally saw millions of people coming—so
many
that it
was
like
a sea
of
people
stacked upon
each
other,
trying to come across
the border all at once.
There was nothing they could do.
During this next year, 2024, this
was what was happening.
I could see
that
people like George Soros and Klaus
Schwab and
these other big people
thought, 'It's done. There's
nothing they can do to salvage
America.
We've accomplished what we
needed to accomplish,'because the
dollar was destroyed. Everything was
destroyed; I saw fifty cents on the dollar.
It was completely a
depression. But out of what looked like
complete devastation and no
repair—like
a
TKO—I
saw
divine wisdom coming
onto
Donald Trump. I saw a glow around him, a
Holy Ghost wisdom like
Solomon's
rising up in him on how to
mend and fix
things. Over
that
four-year
period,
2025 was awful, 2026 was not as bad,
and
2027 was getting better. By 2028, things
were building back, though it was
nothing compared to what it was.
Thank you, Holy Spirit.
He wouldn't
let me see past that. I saw
clouds and the glory in 2027 and 2028.
It looked
like clouds and
thunderstorms growing
in the spirit
realm
when I was praying,
but He wouldn't let me look past it. Sometimes the
Lord will
let
you,
and sometimes He won't, but this
time it was like, 'It's not time for
you to see into that.'I was not
allowed to look into it spiritually when
praying. I saw
April of
2024; I saw the eclipse, and behind the
eclipse, I saw the darkness
going over America. I saw a
storm in front of the eclipse,
the most vicious
storm that I've ever seen
in
the spirit realm.
There was lightning shooting
out—an
electric storm. The
lightning was so fierce and
intense that some of the lightning bolts
were frozen in time coming out of the
cloud covering the
eclipse. I don't know what this meant,
but it was interesting.
Behind the cloud, the eclipse was
gold. I could see colors of gold,
red, and yellow from
the sun
and
moon. You
could see the eclipse happening, but you
couldn't really make it out because the
storm was so intense in front of
it.
It was just lightning
in front of this eclipse
taking place over America in
2024. You can add up
what you want about it. I
have not seen
Gavin
or
Michelle
anymore when I pray. Like
I said, I'm a prophetic intercessor; I see
these things and I know we can change
some things,
though
some things we can't. I saw
him
forever up
until a month ago, almost every
time I prayed.
After
he had the debate with
Ron
DeSantis,
I haven't seen
him anymore. I'm just being real
with y'all. I haven't
seen Michelle again.
I saw Biden in my last
video when I was praying.
I don't know what happened to
these people or if they're
still
going to be around;
all I know is I don't see their
faces. The Lord showed me this:
they're trying—this is going to try
to be the Democratic person. I
haven't seen Kari Lake anymore. I saw
her for a while, and
it's really strange,
but
it's just what the Lord shows me. I
don't have control of the gift, He
does, and He tells me what I'm
praying about. This is the
first time I've ever seen Trump in
a
long time, even since the
beginning of
2020 when He
told me he wasn't going to win last time.
He said, 'This is not going to happen.
They're going to steal, and this is going
to happen with the election;
it's fraudulent.'He warned me
about all this stuff. Now He's telling
me—and
I have these things when I'm
praying over 2024—He shows me the red. I saw
the MAGA, and I saw all the stuff I'm
telling you about. Now I see him
on a knee praying; I saw the Lord
touching his head. I hadn't seen any
of that, so I thought he was done
and
out of the picture. As I said,
I see in part and I hear in part.
Who knows if he's going to
be the winner of all of it, but
from
what I saw, it looks pretty promising.
I'm not going to get into it and say,
'Well, for sure, that's what
God said,'because
God didn't say that. He told me
to pray for this, and I saw a glimpse of
something, so you all can pray with me. I
hope this blessed you, because
a lot of people will be excited about
it, and some people won't. I don't care; I'm
just telling you what I
saw.
That's what I have for you today. I
hope you do with it what you want.
I'm going to pray for you all.
Father, I thank You for every single
person represented here today. I
plead the blood of Jesus Christ over
every single person. I thank You, Father,
that they have the mind of Christ
according to 2 Timothy 1:7. God has not
given them a spirit of fear, but of power,
of love, and of a
well-balanced
mind. They can do all things through
Christ who strengthens them. I thank You,
Lord, for supernatural increase over
their house
and
over their finances.
We thank
You, Lord,
for their finances, that You
are
able to do
exceedingly abundantly above all that
they dare ask or think, according to the
power that worketh through them. I thank
You, Lord, that they have creative ideas
to get wealth today. I thank You for
supernatural ability to get wealth. I
plead the blood of Jesus Christ over
their finances. I thank You, Lord, that
they do not struggle. I thank You that
they're the head and not the tail, above
and not beneath. I thank You for good
days ahead of them in 2024. They will
hear You and they will have more to be
able to do whatever You tell
them to do for what's coming. I
thank You, Father, that maybe
we could turn around 2025,
but Father, I know what You showed me so
many times about 2025. I thank You,
Lord, that we would hear Your voice, and a
stranger's voice we will not follow. I thank
You, Father, that we hear You and that we
will not be tormented by satanic or
demonic forces. I plead the blood over
every single one of these people from
the top of their head to the soles of
their feet, that no calamity comes nigh
them. I thank You, Lord, that the angels
would bear them up in their hands, lest they
dash their foot against a stone. I thank
You, Father, that their marriages are
restored and strong.
I pray for every single person
represented here that if they
have a marriage in need of
restoration,
I pray peace over that marriage
and
home. I call
their children blessed. I thank You,
Father, that their children are on
fire for Jesus. For every single one
represented here, their
children are turning back to You if
they're wayward. I thank You, Father, that
the husbands
or wives are turning back to You. I pray
for restoration in all homes, Father, that
they would train their children up in
the way they should go, and when they get
older,
they will not depart from it. I
thank You, Father, for healing in
their bodies; no cancers,
nothing comes nigh them. Healing,
wholeness, and wellness from the top of
their head to the soles of their feet;
they're healed, whole, and well in the
name of Jesus. We thank You, Lord, that
they're delivered from sickness and
disease. Father, I thank You, Lord, that You
became a curse for us so that we don't have
to have it, that by the stripes of Jesus, we
are healed, whole, and well in the
name of
Jesus. I
thank You, Father, for peace that passes
all understanding during this holiday
season, this beautiful Christmas season
that You've given us. Father,
we acknowledge You and give You all
the glory, honor, and praise. We take
authority over depression people might
be battling during the
holiday season. Father, I thank You, Lord,
that no depression comes nigh them; they
are delivered from depression
and
the holiday blues. Father,
I thank You, Lord, that the joy
of the Lord is their strength. They have
joy
rising up on the inside of them. They're
praying and seeking, Lord, that You give
us a garment of praise for a spirit of
heaviness. I thank You, Lord,
they will learn to praise and worship.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You
inhabit the praises of Your people and
that You give them a spirit of joy
inside of their hearts. Father, You said,
'Peace I leave with you; my peace I give
to you.'I thank You, Lord, for that peace
over them today. You are the
Prince of Peace. Shalom, shalom in your
life in Jesus'name. I just want to say
thank you. If you could
please click that notification bell
and
click a thumbs up for me. If you could
be a part of my community
here by subscribing, please subscribe
and
do all the things that would help me.
Every single time you help me via the
comment section, you are
putting the gospel throughout the whole
world; literally, we are getting people
saved throughout the whole world
and
touched by the power of God.
I just want to say thank you because
without you all, this would not happen.
Please help me by doing that.
Put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you so much, and we love you. We
will see you next time, y'all. Bye-bye.